Add external verification warning (#802)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/zero-downtime-domain-migration.mdx

import Card from '~/components/card'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import { P } from '~/components/text/paragraph'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Zero-Downtime Domain Migration',
  description:
    'Migrating your domain from an external service to ZEIT with no downtime, in only a few steps.',
  editUrl:
    'pages/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/zero-downtime-domain-migration.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-05-04T22:02:57.000Z'
}

When migrating to another set of nameservers, there can often be downtime incurred. In this guide we will walk you through adding your domain to ZEIT and setting it up before migrating the nameservers, ensuring no downtime at any point.

<Note warning>
  We <P.B>strongly advise against using external verification</P.B> as it

>   prevents you from receiving the full benefits of the ZEIT DNS such as the

Reviewer: Technically automatic renewal is a feature of ZEIT itself, that has to do indeed with ZEIT DNS, but TLS is not a feature of DNS itself. Makes sense? Also saying "the ZEIT DNS" sounds a bit weird to me.

Reviewer 2: How's this:
```suggestion
  prevents you from receiving the full benefits of ZEIT's platform and services, such as the
```

  automatic renewal of wildcard certificates. Furthermore, many DNS providers{' '}
  <P.B>do not have a global connection capable of low-latency geo-routing</P.B>,

>   this is likely to <P.B>slow down your applications</P.B>.

Reviewer: "which is"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  which is likely to <P.B>slow down your applications</P.B>.
```

With your domain provider, create the TXT record using the `name` (also known as `host` or `alias`) `_now` and the value provided when adding the domain.

<Note>

>   If you have lost the value before verifying the domain, you can use{' '}

Reviewer: "forgotten or misplaced" sounds a bit better than "lost" ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If you have forgotten or misplaced the value before verifying the domain, you can use{' '}
```
